---
title: "CV"
date: 2023-11-15T20:50:17-08:00
draft: true
---

#zExperience

Bonterra logo
IT Security EngineerIT Security Engineer
Bonterra · Full-timeBonterra · Full-time
Jun 2022 - Present · 1 yr 6 mosJun 2022 - Present · 1 yr 6 mos
Skills: Vulnerability Assessment · Mac · Cyber-security · Incident ResponseSkills: Vulnerability Assessment · Mac · Cyber-security · Incident Response
Holland & Knight LLP logo
Holland & Knight LLPHolland & Knight LLP
3 yrs 11 mos3 yrs 11 mos
IT Security AnalystIT Security Analyst
Full-timeFull-time
Feb 2021 - Jun 2022 · 1 yr 5 mosFeb 2021 - Jun 2022 · 1 yr 5 mos
Skills: Vulnerability Assessment · Cyber-security · Incident ResponseSkills: Vulnerability Assessment · Cyber-security · Incident Response
IT Security Specialist 
IT Security Specialist 
Full-timeFull-time
Jan 2020 - Feb 2021 · 1 yr 2 mosJan 2020 - Feb 2021 · 1 yr 2 mos
Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida AreaTampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area
As an IT Security Specialist I monitor security event feeds and respond to security incidents. This includes events generated by our next generation antivirus, vulnerability management system, and our email filtering system. In addition, I work on researching, configuring, and deploying new systems and solutions for use by the IT Security department.As an IT Security Specialist I monitor security event feeds and respond to security incidents. This includes events generated by our next generation antivirus, vulnerability management system, and our email filtering system. In addition, I work on researching, configuring, and deploying new systems and solutions for use by the IT Security department.…see more
Skills: Vulnerability Assessment · Cyber-security · Incident ResponseSkills: Vulnerability Assessment · Cyber-security · Incident Response
IT Help Desk LeadIT Help Desk Lead
Jul 2019 - Jan 2020 · 7 mosJul 2019 - Jan 2020 · 7 mos
As HelpDesk Lead I handle escalated tickets, access control, and new user on-boarding processes. I also spend one day a week providing addition support to our IT Security department and assisting with special projects. As HelpDesk Lead I handle escalated tickets, access control, and new user on-boarding processes. I also spend one day a week providing addition support to our IT Security department and assisting with special projects. …see more
Skills: Incident ResponseSkills: Incident Response
Show all 4 experiences
Trial Consulting Services logo
Trial ConsultantTrial Consultant
Trial Consulting ServicesTrial Consulting Services
Nov 2017 - May 2018 · 7 mosNov 2017 - May 2018 · 7 mos
Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida AreaTampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area
I managed office workstations, trial laptops, and a file server. I conducted a software licensing audit as well as generated a new hardware inventory database. My daily operations included technical support, exhibit database creation and management, and video editing. I also spent considerable time with clients to understand their needs and present the best solution.


I managed office workstations, trial laptops, and a file server. I conducted a software licensing audit as well as generated a new hardware inventory database. My daily operations included technical support, exhibit database creation and management, and video editing. I also spent considerable time with clients to understand their needs and present the best solution. …see more
Skills: MacSkills: Mac
Saint Leo University logo
Saint Leo UniversitySaint Leo University
2 yrs 10 mos2 yrs 10 mos
Information Security InternInformation Security Intern
Dec 2016 - Apr 2017 · 5 mosDec 2016 - Apr 2017 · 5 mos
Saint Leo FLSaint Leo FL
During my time as an InfoSec intern I took part in a variety of network security, content filtering, and digital forensics operations. Gained general experience with Nessus and Palo Alto. worked on a network audit and gained experience with Openvas, Snort, and Kali in general. I was also involved in efforts to educate faculty and staff on information security and best practices. This includes initial response to genuine phishing attacks and fake phishing tests for faculty. During my time as an InfoSec intern I took part in a variety of network security, content filtering, and digital forensics operations. Gained general experience with Nessus and Palo Alto. worked on a network audit and gained experience with Openvas, Snort, and Kali in general. I was also involved in efforts to educate faculty and staff on information security and best practices. This includes initial response to genuine phishing attacks and fake phishing tests for faculty. …see more
Skills: MacSkills: Mac
Student TechnicianStudent Technician
Jun 2016 - Apr 2017 · 11 mosJun 2016 - Apr 2017 · 11 mos
Saint Leo, FLSaint Leo, FL
I setup, deployed, and maintained of university assets for University Technology Services as well as managed front desk and interacted with students, faculty, and staff. This included troubleshooting university computers, mobile devices, and networking equipment. I took part in imaging student machines via a PXE server and the installation of network equipment in student housing.I setup, deployed, and maintained of university assets for University Technology Services as well as managed front desk and interacted with students, faculty, and staff. This included troubleshooting university computers, mobile devices, and networking equipment. I took part in imaging student machines via a PXE server and the installation of network equipment in student housing.…see more
Skills: MacSkills: Mac
Resident AssistantResident Assistant
Jul 2014 - May 2016 · 1 yr 11 mosJul 2014 - May 2016 · 1 yr 11 mos
Saint Leo FloridaSaint Leo Florida
At an RA I gained considerable experience in team communication, social engineering, and confidentiality. 
I also facilitated educational and community events and enforced University policyAt an RA I gained considerable experience in team communication, social engineering, and confidentiality. I also facilitated educational and community events and enforced University policy…see more
EducationEducation
Saint Leo University logo
Saint Leo UniversitySaint Leo University
Bachelor of Science - BS, Cybersecurity Bachelor of Science - BS, Cybersecurity 
20182018
Skills: Vulnerability Assessment · Cyber-security · Incident ResponseSkills: Vulnerability Assessment · Cyber-security · Incident Response
Jesuit High School Tampa 
Jesuit High School Tampa 
2009 - 20132009 - 2013
FIRST Robotics Competition (FRC) Stealth Tiger Team 3164